README.md, before:

# VMWorld Panel discussion

## Title : vSphere and Ansible: A panel discussion of lessons learned, tips and tricks

## Key Takeaways:

Learn from panelist experiences using Ansible to manage vSphere environments.

Learn about limitations, workarounds and use cases.

Understand how you can integrate Ansible into your enterprise operations.

Gain insight from people who were first VMware administrators and have now embraced Ansible.

## Session Abstract:

The IT industry is pushing to adapt automation. For VMware environments, there has been a strong push to use API calls, particularly RESTful APIs. Once a vSphere administrator understands what interacting with an API entails, the question becomes - how does this make my life easier? Ansible is one tool that has gained popularity as the DevOps community grows and can be quickly make an impact in your enterprise operations.

## Extended Abstract:

Ansible is a flexible, highly readable, configuration management tool, which helps administrators consistently deploy and manage an every growing infrastructure.  However, the fact is that Ansible is an open source project, with a 3rd party support structure. VMware supports the APIs, but sadly it's very difficult to extend support to customers using a 3rd party tools that interact with them. The Ansible community has made available several modules and some of them are still in "preview" mode. The other options to quickly integrate DevOps practices into your daily operations is to use a products API.  This is the modern way of interacting with products, and that has it's own set of limitations.

Come join a panel where a VMware customer interviews industry veterans on how they have interacted with vSphere and Ansible.

## VMware Product Selection

Selected vsphere and other.  The other description is __VMware API EcoSystem__

Commit message:

Update to the session description to make it more compelling for attendees, as well as provide some context around what attendees should expect to gain.

README.md, after:

# VMWorld Panel discussion

## Title : vSphere and Ansible: A panel discussion of lessons learned, tips and tricks

## Key Takeaways:

Learn from panelist experiences using Ansible to manage vSphere environments.

Learn about limitations, workarounds and use cases.

Understand how you can integrate Ansible into your enterprise operations.

Gain insight from people who were first VMware administrators and have now embraced Ansible.

## Session Abstract:

What is Ansible? How can I use it to make my life easier? If you can answer these questions, love the simplicity of this management tool and are looking for more ways to use, come and here our panel of professionals discuss their experiences and approaches to modernizing their deployment practices using Ansible and VMware's RESTful APIs.  Gain insightful aproaches from their lessons learned, and some time saving tips tricks to help with your organization's automation adoption.

## Extended Abstract:

Ansible is a flexible, highly readable, configuration management tool, which helps administrators consistently deploy and manage an every growing infrastructure.  However, the fact is that Ansible is an open source project, with a 3rd party support structure. VMware supports the APIs, but sadly it's very difficult to extend support to customers using a 3rd party tools that interact with them. The Ansible community has made available several modules and some of them are still in "preview" mode. The other options to quickly integrate DevOps practices into your daily operations is to use a products API.  This is the modern way of interacting with products, and that has it's own set of limitations.

Come join a panel where a VMware customer interviews industry veterans on how they have interacted with vSphere and Ansible.

## VMware Product Selection

Selected vsphere and other.  The other description is __VMware API EcoSystem__
